ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/player/MoveStatus.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.MoveStatus
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.MoveStatus$1
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.MoveStatus$2
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.MoveStatus$3
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/board/BoardUtils.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.BoardUtils
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/King.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.King
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/Main.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.Main
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/view/ConsoleView.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.ConsoleView
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Piece.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$1
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$2
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$3
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$4
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$5
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Piece$PieceType$6
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/view/GameView.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.GameView
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/board/Board.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Board
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Board$Builder
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Pawn.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Pawn
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/player/MoveTransition.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.MoveTransition
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Queen.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Queen
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/board/Tile.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Tile
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Tile$EmptyTile
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Tile$OccupiedTile
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Knight.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Knight
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Bishop.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Bishop
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/player/WhitePlayer.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.WhitePlayer
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/board/Move.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$AttackMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$CastleMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$KingSideCastleMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$MajorMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$MoveFactory
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$NullMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$PawnAttackMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$PawnEnPassantAttackMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$PawnJump
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$PawnMove
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.board.Move$QueenSideCastleMove
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/Alliance.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.Alliance
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.Alliance$1
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.Alliance$2
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/player/BlackPlayer.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.BlackPlayer
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/pieces/Rook.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.pieces.Rook
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/player/Player.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.player.Player
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/view/swing/Table.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.swing.Table
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.swing.Table$1
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.swing.Table$2
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.swing.Table$BoardPanel
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.view.swing.Table$TilePanel
ru/nsu/spirin/chessgame/ChessGame.java
 ru.nsu.spirin.chessgame.ChessGame
